fire
one of his sterno stoves it's
reminiscent of the old heaven he once
though the in short wind that there's
like ten different improvements and I
have a tendency to believe them didn't
think that the stove could boil water
ever really used it because it was told
that it didn't boil water and it's kind
of slow and heavy so I don't think I'm
gonna carry it but it is pretty good for
different outings so I tried it at home
and it actually did boil water except
that it doesn't give you the parents of
boiling water because none of the none
of the bubbles come off but if you use a
thermometer you'll find out that indeed
the water does reach 212 degrees so what
we're gonna do here is I'm just gonna
reheat some some chicken that I made at
home some Portuguese chicken dish my
grandmother used to make and we've got
some trunk to cook up and we'll get back
all right so it seems to be doing pretty
good I'm not really liking the surface
its slippery as hell so thinking I just
need to put a couple of Neuros on the
top and solve that problem i look i
accidentally erase that the footage i
had of the stove at home boiling water
so i'll have to redo it but believe me
it does boil water but you'll have to
have like I said a temperature gauge
because it reaches 212 and all you're
gonna see is a really fine steam coming
off the top and you'll think it's a pre
boil temperature in fact it's not
there's just not enough BTUs to get it
rolling but on this should be this
should be done in probably 10 15 minutes
this is already cooked and we're just
heating up
alright guys I guess yes the strana does
a pretty good job over do something
really quick tell him in about five
minutes like I said I had lost the
footage of this boiling water and it
certainly does it and I was very
surprising press because didn't think
that it could actually do that people in
the food industry said that it was a
need for cooking but um it did in fact
boil the water brought it to 212 degrees
and kept it there of course that was
indoors and you know sit close to eating
degrees and indoors know when can I do
out here I'm not sure the temperature
right now is below 50 I got all that a
this is the Snow Peak six hundred and
eighty percent full and going to boil
some water for some coffee
grandma's secret recipe secret
ingredient beer good stuff okay but what
we do to multiple you god that's a
Kalinga so pretty impressed impressed
with the burner stove that Xiaomi looks
like the m71 but it's not it's got a lot
of features that make it more efficient
the only thing that I would probably do
for this new different is put on the
knurled on top as you can see there's
bubbles on the bottom and bubbles on the
side and it's not steaming up enough so
it's probably not at a boil this is
probably at around 200 degrees but this
is reminiscent to what it looks like
when it actually does boil except you'll
have a little more steam coming off the
top you'll you won't see the bubbles at
least I when I've done this I haven't
seen any bubbles that come up and it's
not just get this rolling boil
actually the only streaking more than
this this happens and then it slows down
and you just not getting a thicker head
of steam coming off the top
so like I said this is close to 212 now
and I'll have to I'll have to retest it
at home but at the monitor on so you
guys can check that out but um you
didn't think that it would actually do
it I've been proven wrong all right guys
so I put too much water in this Cup for
the hot chocolate I'm just gonna make a
mocha add in da Starbucks Vita root to
it and one of these coffee house delight
creamers the caramel macchiato
these things are pasteurized already
they don't have to be cold they can be
stored at room temperature and
no never my opnion mocha
well again an honor a grandma that's a
sweep right here
mmm-hmm watch me sweet blood mother's
day is coming up soon
that's not talking whoa
you hit it like ton of bricks back yeah
there's a good one for the dentate where
it yeah he beautiful or what
gorgeous
Europe all right you can get one more
for dinner table
nice
yetsko but it was one of those salmon
salmon pool Wow very nice
gorgeous
and the crew is looking pretty good
today
you